# Ping

Replica of the classic video game Pong. Made with Unity. The first scene allows the user to select from three difficulty levels (Easy, Medium, and Hard), each of which entail a different paddle size, ball size, and ball speed. The second scene features the game, where the user controls the paddle on the left using the key 'w' to move up and the key 's' to move down, while the paddle on the right (opponent) is controlled by a script running in the project. Due to the potentially unlimited power of the computer, the script controlling the movement of the paddle on the right is designed to modify the "skill level" of the computer so the human user can reasonably compete. There exists a physical component of friction between the paddles and the ball, which affects the trajectory of the ball after colliding with a moving paddle (colliding with a paddle that is moving up will increase the vertical component of the velocity of the ball, and colliding with a paddle that is moving down will decrease the vertical component of the velocity of the ball, each by a predetermined fraction of the speed of the ball. Each side's scores are displayed and updated smoothly and real-time throughout gameplay. Whichever side reaches seven points first wins, at which point the user reaches the third and final scene, which reminds them of who won and lets them choose whether to go back to the first scene to continue playing the game (possibly at a different difficulty level) or to exit the app.
